Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/userInfo.md

```

### Parameters

> - `Message` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The message to include in the description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Message` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The message format. Check below for more information.
```
